The rest of it, he makes into a God, he worships it.
He prays to it and says, save me, for you are my God.
That's not right.
If we're going to worship Jehovah, then we need to go to the temple.
Grandfather said that.
Never mind what your grandfather said.
You can be loyal to Jehovah and to Bel, or any other God at the same time.
When the king does not search for Jehovah, everyone suffers.
What if you're wrong? What if Bel worship is important?
I want to finish the cleansing work my grandfather started.
It's my brother down as easily as they think.
He's endangering himself, his family, and our entire nation.
Jehovah have I gone too far.
What if just I was right? Right about what?
What if there really is only one Jehovah?
Long it takes.